here we have the saddle of rabbit deboned
completely boneless two loins here belly
flap and of course the two tenderloins this
is exactly the same as what you would find the
loin tenderloin on any other four-legged animal
for this purpose putting in I'm thinking it would
be great if we made a farce from the offal and
stuffed it seasoned it and stuffed it rolled it
trust it and what would I use these tenderloins
for, in your butchery if you happen to have
any notches um and tears in your skin then
this could easily fill in those gaps but even
without it's a great spot for them to nestle in
so if I was going to roast this I would season
it stuff it and roll it and if I roll it
onto itself it's a pinwheel and if I roll it just
with ends meeting then it's circular so we'll
pretend it has a farce in there just to about here
trim off the belly flap stock or rabbit sausage
and it's ready for either trussing or wrapping in
some sort of fat like bacon pancetta or Caul fat